Problem: Creating a calculator that can solve baseic arithmatic (add, sub, mult, div, exponential, root) by using functions

Input: 2 doubles that will be used for calculations and 1 int that will be used to slect which function to use

Output: The correct computational value

Step by Step Instruction:
	1. Start with the initialization of all the proper function (add, sub, mult, div, and the input)
	2. The main function
		A. Create two doubles that will be used for input and one int that will be used for selecting the operation and a double to show the output
		B. Present a greeting along with a menue with all possible computations
		C. Collect input to represent which operation is used
		D. Use the input function to collect the input for the calculation
			a. If division is being used make sure 0 is no the denominator
			b. If root is being used to make sure the number being rooted is positive 
		E. Create a while loop to run through the if thens until the user wants to stop
		F. Use various if thens to connect the desired operation with the correct function
		G. Use the returned value as the value for the finished calculation
		H. Output the finished calculation
	3. The input function
		A. Create the function with 2 doubles of call-by value
		B. Collect 2 inputs to be used for calculations
		C. Ensure that the two inputs in the function correspont to the two variables that will be used for calculations
	4. The addition function
		A. Use the two variables altered by input
		B. Add the two together
		C. Return the answer to the variable assigned to keeping the answer
	5. The addition function
		A. Use the two variables altered by input
		B. Subtract the second input from the first input
		C. Return the answer to the variable assigned to keeping the answer
	5. The multiplication function function
		A. Use the two variables altered by input
		B. Multiply the two together
		C. Return the answer to the variable assigned to keeping the answer
	6. The division function
		A. Use the two variables altered by input
		B. Devide the second input by the first input
		C. Return the answer to the variable assigned to keeping the answer
	7. The exponential function
		A. Use the two variables altered by the input
		B. The first variable will be raised to the power of the second
		C. Create an answer variable that will be used for calculations
		D. Create a while loop
			a. For each iteration answer = answer * the first variable
			b. At the end of the loop subtract one from the second variable
			c. the loop should end once the first variable is multiplied by itself equal to the second variable
		E. Return the answer to the variable assigned to keeping the answer
	8. The square root function
		A. Use the first two variables altered by the input 
		B. Create a variable that will be used for the answer
		C. Create a placeholder variable (ones, thenths, hundredths) which starts at one and will be scaled down as nessessary 
		D. Create a while loop
			a. Start with the answer(0) and the root number as parameters that plug into the exponential function
			b. If the return value is less than the rooted value increase answer by place holder
			c. If the return value is greater than the rooted value decrease the ancer by place holder then increase by placeholder/10
			d. Repeat until the returned value is exactly the rooted value or the placeholder ie equal to 10^-11
		E. Return the answer to the variable assigned to keeping the answer